Q1) Is Ageatscreening supposed to be a float value? If not, can we convert it to int?
Note: According to my research, it appears that it is very common to have these variables in float format in the medical field.
In your studies it is shown in float.
Q2) Is MMSEO supposed to be a float value? If not, can we convert it to int?
Q4) Just to clarify, 0 females and 1 male? I'm asking to make sure that i create a factual and complete summary report
Q5) why is it named MMSEO and not MMSE? is it intentional?
Q6) Do we consider our data as missing at random?

Remarks: If we perform a split between groups, specifically 0 vs 3 and 0 vs 2, then the newly sample 
dataset may not be enough if we perform a binary classification

hippocampus represents the most established region of interest (ROI) used in the assessment of AD
But In two comprehensive reviews, the authors concluded that structural changes in the early stages 
of the disease are more pronounced in the entorhinal cortex.

Furthermore, for the disease prediction, entorhinal cortex provided better predictive accuracies compared to hippocampus. 
Although volumetry represents the most commonly used method to date, there is lack of research in the assessment of AD using texture analysis.

To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that used texture analysis on the entorhinal cortex. 
The main objective in this study was to determine whether MRI entorhinal cortex texture features could detect early cognitive decline 
in MCI and AD subjects. In addition, we compared entorhinal cortex results to the gold standard method, hippocampal volume, to evaluate 
which method could provide the best results. We emphasize here that the goal of our research was to investigate the usefulness of 
entorhinal cortex texture in AD assessment. Then, through a follow-up period of 18 months, we did a comparison between volume and 
texture measures to evaluate the hypothesis that texture changes may precede the development of atrophy. Finally, we evaluated if 
entorhinal cortex texture features can be used in the prediction of conversion from MCI to AD.




{'ngb_n_estimators': 496,
 'ngb_learning_rate': 0.09814797466514788,
 'ngb_base_depth': 4,
 'ngb_base_criterion': 'friedman_mse'}